Isabella ValdescruzEECS 339Lab 3 Write Up	To begin, and unrelated to the lab itself, I wanted to explain that the workload for this class is extremely unmanageable. The material itself is hard, but if the work we had to do for it was less I really think that many students would benefit. We have to spend so many hours on the programs to get them to work, that we get behind on the class material and then perform poorly on the exams. If this class only had programs or only focused on problem sets and midterms I think it would be a lot better structured; it just is especially hard on the quarter system to fit all of this material into a short 9 weeks of class. 	Aside from that, I am submitting this assignment two days late so I am aware of the 10% penalty per day. I decided to take the extra time to make my code run perfectly instead of submit something half done before the deadline. The hardest part about this lab was figuring out what all of the functions did. I think I spent more time writing down notes about the different functions for each kind of page than I did actually figuring out the logic of implementing it. It also took me awhile to realize that we needed to think about this from a much higher level than we did in previous labs since most of the pointer manipulation was done for us. 	I do not think there was much room for creative design in this lab, so I basically just followed the books guidelines and implemented the functions in that form. The logic itself was not too difficult for this program assignment, the debugging and beginning were the worst parts for me. I would keep getting lots of little errors when I was sure my logic was right and it would end up being because I was not using the updateParentPointer function correctly. I also ran into trouble when running the ant systemtest on terminal and kept getting assertion errors but I was very unclear as to why and I had already spent days on this lab so I did not fix it. I did not make any changes outside of BTreeFile.